Team_Id: 24
Topic: <<2k18: Programmer's Pocket Edition>>
Description:
	Following the record-breaking launch of NBA 2K17, the NBA 2K franchise continues 
	to stake its claim as the most authentic sports video game with NBA 2K18. As the 
	franchise that “all sports video games should aspire to be” (, said GamesRadar), 
	NBA 2K18 will take the game to new heights and continue to blur the lines between 
	video game and reality. Having read  the feedback and response from many of you, 
	we are going to release a groundbreaking new version of 2K series this year. Here 
	goes our <<2k18: Programmer's Pocket Edition>>!

	To play our new edition, you will be given an NBA player with his "Player Name" 
	and some statistics about him, which will be depicted later. Your goal is to decide
	what action should this player take judging from the given statistics, which is 
	to shoot(, and decide it to be a 3 pointer or 2 pointer), to drive in, or to pass!   
	The input file will contain the following:
		"Player Name," which can simply be written in a string type.
		"Three Pointer Percentage," the ratio of 3-pointers made to 3-pointers attempted. 
		"Two Pointer Percentage," the ratio of 2-pointers made to 2-pointers attempted.
		"Drive-In Percentage," the ratio of successful Driving-In to attempted Driving-In.
			(Successful driving-in always worth two points, and for sake of efficiency, 
		 	 we don't consider the situations that the player is fouled.)
		"Assist Percentage," the ratio of assists to attempted passes.
			We suggest you should read all the percentages above in double type!!!
		"N", which is an integer indicating there's N following lines in the input file.
			(also the number of times for you to decide moves.)
		The following N lines contains a "0," "1," or "2," while 
		"2" indicates that your player is not in a good shooting position with his 
			"Three Pointer Percentage" lowered by 20%  and "Two Pointer Percentage"lowered 
			by 10%.
		"1" indicates that your player is being guarded with his "Three Pointer Percentage", "Two Pointer Percentage,"
			lowered by 10%, and "Drive-In Percentage" lowered  by 20%.
		"0" indicates your player is not being guarded with his original statistics.
		At last, for each line which contains a "0" or "1," you have to output a move.
		For shooting a 2-pointers, you should output a "2"
		For shooting a 3-pointers, you should output a "3"
		For driving-in, you should output an "D"
		For passing the ball, you should output a "P"
	At the end, your performance will be evaluated with a special index, "Contribution Index,"
	while "Contribution Index" =  (tree pointers you made) * 3 + (two pointers you made) * 2+ (assists you made) * 2.5, 
	and to pass our testcase, you should at least have a Contribution Index bigger than N * 2.7
	(N is the original "N" from our input file).
